Add HTTP/3 support (#1642)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-rfc7838bis.md

See {{caching}} for general requirements on caching alternative
services.

# The ALTSVC Extension Frame {#ALTSVC-frame}

The ALTSVC frame advertises the availability of an alternative service to an
HTTP/2 or HTTP/3 client.

> The ALTSVC frame is a non-critical extension to both protocols.  Endpoints that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ALTSVC frame is a separate non-critical extension in each protocol.  Endpoints that
```

do not support this frame will ignore it (as per the extensibility rules defined
in {{Section 4.1 of HTTP2}} and {{Section 4.1 of HTTP3}}).

An ALTSVC frame from a server to a client on a request stream or a push stream
indicates that the conveyed alternative service is associated with the origin of
that stream.

An ALTSVC frame from a server to a client on the control stream (stream 0 in

> HTTP/2) indicates that the conveyed alternative service is associated with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP/2 or a stream of type 0 in HTTP/3) indicates that the conveyed alternative service is associated with the
```

  length) containing a value identical to the Alt-Svc field value
  defined in {{alt-svc-field}} (ABNF production "Alt-Svc").

> The ALTSVC frame does not define any flags in HTTP/2.

Reviewer: Less sure about this one:

```suggestion
The ALTSVC frame does not define any flags in HTTP/2; there is no generic flag field for HTTP/3 frames.
```
